Add type annotations (#105)
MatthieuDartiailh/bytecode: doc/changelog.rst

New features:

- add type annotations and make types stricter PR # 105

>   In particular, ConcreteInstr doe not inherit from Instr anymore and once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In particular, ConcreteInstr does not inherit from Instr anymore and one
```
